#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   ml-metadata
    #   ml-pipelines-sdk
    #   rouge-score
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-decision-forests
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tensorflow-transform
    #   tfx
    #   tfx-bsl
    #   ydf
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
apache-beam[gcp]==2.65.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tensorflow-transform
    #   tfx
    #   tfx-bsl
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   ml-metadata
    #   referencing
    #   tfx
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backports-tarfile==1.2.0
    # via jaraco-context
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via nbconvert
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-auth
category-encoders==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   pip-tools
    #   tfx
colorama==0.4.6
    # via sacrebleu
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
crcmod==1.7
    # via apache-beam
cryptography==45.0.3
    # via secretstorage
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.1.1
    # via apache-beam
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via pymongo
docker==7.1.0
    # via
    #   ml-pipelines-sdk
    #   tfx
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   hdfs
    #   stemgraphic
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via anyio
fastavro==1.11.1
    # via apache-beam
fasteners==0.19
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-apitools
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.58.1
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gast==0.6.0
    # via tensorflow
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   tfx
google-api-python-client==1.12.11
    # via
    #   ml-pipelines-sdk
    #   tfx
    #   tfx-bsl
google-apitools==0.5.31
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   ml-pipelines-sdk
    #   tfx
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   google-genai
    #   keyrings-google-artifactregistry-auth
    #   kubernetes
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-python-client
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.96.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   tfx
google-cloud-bigquery==3.34.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   tfx
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.32.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-bigtable==2.31.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-datastore==2.21.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-dlp==3.30.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-language==2.17.1
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-pubsub==2.29.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
google-cloud-pubsublite==1.12.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-recommendations-ai==0.10.17
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-spanner==3.55.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-videointelligence==2.16.1
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-vision==3.10.1
    # via apache-beam
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-genai==1.19.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
grpc-interceptor==0.15.4
    # via google-cloud-spanner
grpcio==1.65.5
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpc-interceptor
    #   grpcio-status
    #   ml-metadata
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-serving-api
    #   tfx
grpcio-status==1.48.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
h5py==3.13.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
hdfs==2.7.3
    # via apache-beam
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-apitools
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   jupyterlab
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   opentelemetry-api
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==7.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via ipywidgets
ipywidgets==7.8.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.1.0
    # via keyring
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jeepney==0.9.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   ml-pipelines-sdk
    #   nbconvert
    #   tfx
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
json5==0.12.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpickle==3.4.2
    # via apache-beam
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.24.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.11
    # via ipywidgets
keras==3.10.0
    # via
    #   keras-tuner
    #   tensorflow
keras-tuner==1.4.7
    # via tfx
keyring==25.6.0
    # via keyrings-google-artifactregistry-auth
keyrings-google-artifactregistry-auth==1.1.2
    # via apache-beam
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
kt-legacy==1.0.5
    # via keras-tuner
kubernetes==26.1.0
    # via tfx
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
lightgbm==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==5.4.0
    # via sacrebleu
markdown==3.8
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   stemgraphic
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
ml-dtypes==0.3.2
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
ml-metadata==1.16.0
    # via
    #   ml-pipelines-sdk
    #   tfx
ml-pipelines-sdk==1.16.0
    # via tfx
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
namex==0.1.0
    # via keras
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
nltk==3.9.1
    # via rouge-score
notebook==7.3.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   category-encoders
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pyarrow
    #   rouge-score
    #   sacrebleu
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shapely
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-decision-forests
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tensorflow-transform
    #   tfx
    #   tfx-bsl
    #   xgboost
    #   ydf
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.27.3
    # via xgboost
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via google-apitools
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
objsize==0.7.1
    # via apache-beam
opentelemetry-api==1.34.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
opentelemetry-sdk==1.34.0
    # via google-cloud-pubsub
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.55b0
    # via opentelemetry-sdk
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via tensorflow
optree==0.16.0
    # via keras
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   tfx
overrides==7.7.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   jupyter-server
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   build
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   keras
    #   keras-tuner
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-pipelines-sdk
    #   nbconvert
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorflow
    #   tfx
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   stemgraphic
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-decision-forests
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tfx-bsl
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
patsy==1.0.1
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   statsmodels
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via jupyter-core
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via keyrings-google-artifactregistry-auth
portalocker==3.1.1
    # via sacrebleu
portpicker==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ml-pipelines-sdk
    #   tfx
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   ml-metadata
    #   ml-pipelines-sdk
    #   proto-plus
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tensorflow-serving-api
    #   tensorflow-transform
    #   tfx
    #   tfx-bsl
    #   ydf
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   portpicker
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tensorflow-transform
    #   tfx
    #   tfx-bsl
pyarrow-hotfix==0.7
    # via apache-beam
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.5
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydot==1.4.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   tensorflow-transform
pyfarmhash==0.3.2
    # via tensorflow-data-validation
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via redis
pymongo==4.13.0
    # via apache-beam
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
    #   pydot
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   arrow
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   jupyter-client
    #   kubernetes
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   jupyter-events
    #   kubernetes
    #   tfx
pyzmq==26.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
redis==5.3.0
    # via apache-beam
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   nltk
    #   sacrebleu
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
    #   hdfs
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   keras-tuner
    #   keyrings-google-artifactregistry-auth
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorflow
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via kubernetes
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==14.0.0
    # via keras
rouge-score==0.1.2
    # via tensorflow-model-analysis
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
sacrebleu==2.5.1
    # via tensorflow-model-analysis
scikit-learn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   tfx
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   lightgbm
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tfx
    #   xgboost
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stemgraphic
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
shapely==2.1.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-apitools
    #   google-pasta
    #   hdfs
    #   kubernetes
    #   ml-metadata
    #   oauth2client
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   rouge-score
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-decision-forests
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via apache-beam
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via google-cloud-spanner
statsmodels==0.14.4
    # via category-encoders
stemgraphic==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via sacrebleu
tensorboard==2.16.2
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-decision-forests
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tensorflow-serving-api
    #   tensorflow-transform
    #   tf-keras
    #   tfx
    #   tfx-bsl
tensorflow-data-validation==1.16.1
    # via tfx
tensorflow-decision-forests==1.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow-model-analysis
tensorflow-hub==0.15.0
    # via tfx
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.37.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.16.1
    # via
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tensorflow-transform
    #   tfx-bsl
tensorflow-model-analysis==0.47.1
    # via tfx
tensorflow-serving-api==2.16.1
    # via
    #   tfx
    #   tfx-bsl
tensorflow-transform==1.16.0
    # via tfx
termcolor==3.1.0
    # via tensorflow
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tf-keras==2.16.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow-decision-forests
    #   tensorflow-transform
tfx==1.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tfx-bsl==1.16.1
    # via
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tensorflow-transform
    #   tfx
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pip-tools
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via nltk
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250516
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   apache-beam
    #   async-lru
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   mistune
    #   ml-pipelines-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
    #   optree
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   rich
    #   tensorflow
    #   tfx
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   docker
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   kubernetes
websockets==15.0.1
    # via google-genai
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   pip-tools
    #   tensorflow-decision-forests
widgetsnbextension==3.6.10
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via tensorflow
wurlitzer==3.1.1
    # via tensorflow-decision-forests
xgboost==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ydf==0.9.0
    # via tensorflow-decision-forests
zipp==3.22.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via apache-beam

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
